[Music]
This is how to go from beginner to
expert marketer and sell literally
anything to anyone. Most people try to
sell with pressure, gimmicks, or fake
scarcity. And they wonder why it doesn't
work. So, as one of the top digital
marketers in the world, I've created a
sevenstep framework to sell anything,
product, service, software, you name it,
without being pushy or sleazy. And
today, I'm going to reveal it for the
first time. First, understand that fake
urgency and sleazy pressure tactics to
sell just don't work anymore. But this
does. If you look at billion-dollar
companies or even trillion dollar
companies like Apple and Nvidia, they
never use those internet marketer style
pressure tactics because trust and
process beat hype every time. Sleazy
tactics may work in the short term, but
they destroy brand equity and repel
serious buyers, especially in high
ticket sales. The most profitable
companies sell with value, not tricks.
And this sevenstep system lets you do
the same. But before you sell anything,
you need to do this. You know, a few
months ago, this person hit me up. I was
at a conference. They were looking for
web designer referrals. We don't offer
web design, and we know they weren't
ready for our services. Yet, I still
helped them. And I did so by introducing
them to a few companies that can help
them out without a referral fee, without
any fees paid by them to me. I just did
it because I wanted to be helpful. By
helping people, this builds trust over
time. And when you help people, it also
creates goodwill. Then when they're
ready for marketing services like this
candidate was, they eventually come back
to you and then pay you. Now when I
introduced this person to a designer,
the designer's name was Volvo. I didn't
expect anything in return and I wasn't
expecting them to come back to me to
hire me for marketing services. Yet when
they were ready, they came back and they
said, "Neil, we had a great experience.
Can we work with you for marketing?" I
said, "Sure, let me introduce you to
someone from my team." And they hired
us. The key lesson for you is that
people like buying from those that they
like, trust, and respect, not those who
pitch cold without any relationship.
Most people sell to anyone with money
and wonder why they close almost no one.
You need to define your ideal customer.
At NP Digital, we're a global ad agency.
Our customers are marketers with
multiple channels. So, they may do SEO,
social media, pay-per-click. They have
internal teams. They have long buying
cycles and they're typically in multiple
regions. So, my pitch is tailored to
that person and that company. Without a
clear avatar of the person you're
selling to, your message gets diluted
and you waste time pitching to people
who are never a fit in the first place.
Defining your ideal customer makes every
other step, pitch, positioning, and
pricing far easier and more effective.
Most people make this mistake when
they're selling. Most people sell too
early. You need to listen and find the
root cause of the buyer's pain and
understand what they truly want. Just
because they say one thing, it doesn't
mean that they actually want that. You
want to dig deeper and understand what's
causing the pain point and give them a
solution to take that pain away. The top
closers don't just hear, they decode
what the customer says to find the real
obstacle and offer the best solution.
Understanding the customer's problems
the better than they do creates instant
trust and makes them feel safe and you
the obvious choice. Most people don't
know it, but this is the easiest way to
sell. By demonstrating case studies,
testimonials, and specific results, it
helps a prospect believe in your
solution more than any fancy language
ever could. People pay for speed, they
pay for clarity, and they pay for
certainty. And demonstrating values
gives them all three. You need to
explain how you're going to solve their
exact problem better and faster than
anyone else and prove it with real
evidence, not some madeup case studies.
Real case studies, solutions,
testimonials, and ideally video
testimonials from the people who got
results from your product or service.
Most deals die because of this one
thing. The average person needs 11.1
interactions with the brand before
buying. Yet, most sales people give up
after two or three. What you need to
keep in mind is objections aren't really
rejections. When you're interacting with
people, you may end up getting some
objections. These objections aren't
rejections. Instead, they're invitations
to clarify, show more proof, and build
more trust. It allows you to have
multiple touch points with the
individual as well. And you want to be
short, to the point, and have your proof
backed to help overcome even future
objections. And this allows you to
consistently build a relationship with
that person, which gets you down that
route of having 11.1 touch points with
them. Want to close a deal? Know when to
walk away. When you price your product
or service, you need to factor in every
cost, overhead, time, tools, office. If
you discount too far, it kills margins
and motivation. Not every deal is worth
closing or even chasing. You shouldn't
chase unprofitable deals. They just
distract you from scaling the ones that
will work out. You want to be confident
in your pricing and you want to have
clear negotiating boundaries. The last
thing you want to do is jeopardize your
business. Protect it and create mutual
respect. You wouldn't expect the other
person to lose money by selling to you.
And the same goes when you sell to them.
They shouldn't expect you to lose money
selling to them. When you lose a sale,
you can still win if you know this. When
you lose a deal, ask for honest
feedback, even blunt feedback. There's
nothing wrong with losing deal. Happens
to everyone. But if you learn why you
lost a deal, you can refine your future
pitches and close more in the long run.
Every time we lose a deal, we try to get
back on the phone with the prospect even
if they don't want to. And we ask them
for blunt feedback. Some people are too
afraid to give it, but there's no harm
in asking for it. Sometimes you'll get
it, sometimes you won't. But when you do
get it, in many cases, the feedback is
gold. And you can use it to iterate and
continually improve your process. Sales
is an iterative process. By using tools
like Gong or asking for feedback, you
can continually improve the structure
over time, which will drastically boost
your win rate. If you found this video
useful, check out these 12 billionaire
habits. They probably won't make you a
billionaire, maybe not even a
millionaire, but these habits are really
great and they'll help you succeed in
your career.